Add Wallet Recovery + Page Updates (#66)
lukso-network/website-support-center: docs/extension/guides/wallet-recovery.md

---
sidebar_label: '🔐 Wallet Recovery'
sidebar_position: 7

> description: 'Extension Support: How to recover a Universal Profile using your private key'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'How to recover a Universal Profile using your private key'
```

---

# Wallet Recovery

If you've set a **recovery controller** using the [Wallet Recovery Setup](./set-wallet-recovery.md) or have an **existing private key**, you can use these controllers to restore your Universal Profile.

## Preparation

In order to recover your Universal Profile, you will need the [Universal Profile Browser Extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/universal-profiles/abpickdkkbnbcoepogfhkhennhfhehfn) and an [Ethereum wallet with custom network support](../../general/wallet-support.md) installed **in the same [supported browser](../introduction.md#which-browsers-does-the-extension-support)**.

:::tip Wallet Support

> The [Wallet Recovery Setup](https://my.universalprofile.cloud/3rd-party/add-recovery) officially supports **MetaMask**as the wallet. If you experience issues with other wallets, please try again using MetaMask.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Wallet Recovery Setup](https://my.universalprofile.cloud/3rd-party/add-recovery) officially supports **MetaMask** as the wallet. If you experience issues with other wallets, please try again using MetaMask.
```
